# Usage as a low-level library
To build all the wrappers for the `TODO` application, we use this package as a
low-level library.

```js
import tint from 'https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/marcodpt/tint/index.js'
```

Here is the source code for each of the wrappers:

 - [template](../template.js)
 - [superfine](../superfine.js)
 - [hyperapp](../hyperapp.js)
 - [mithril](../mithril.js)
 - [preact](../preact.js)

If you want to create a wrapper for a framework that is not on this list or
if you want to improve any of the wrappers we've created here, you'll need
use `tint` as described in this section.

If you created something interesting, or a wrapper for another framework or
improved any example. Submit a pull request or open an issue with your
code.

### tint(h, text) -> compile 

Returns a `compile` function based on your hyperscript DOM/vDOM choice.

 - h(tagName, attributes, children): a
[hyperscript](https://github.com/hyperhype/hyperscript) function that create a
DOM or virtual DOM element, if no function is passed, it will use
[document.createElement](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/createElement).
 - text(str): a 
[hyperscript](https://github.com/hyperhype/hyperscript) function that create
DOM or vDOM text nodes.
If no `text` function is passed, it will use `h(str)`.

### compile(element, template?) -> render
Returns the view associated with `element`.

Optionally, you can use a `template` element to replace the `element`'s inner
HTML with your own contents.

 - element: The `element` that will be the root of the result. If you don't
pass a `template`, it will be treated as a complete template. In case you
provide a `template` it will only be used as the root of the result,
ignoring its content.
 - template: The optional `template` element you want to render inside .

### render(scope) -> DOM/vDOM element
Returns the DOM/vDOM generated by applying the `scope` in the view 

 - scope: The data passed to interpolate the `element`,
any JSON data even with javascript functions is valid!
